Nearly 6 million people in the mid-western area were affected by the flood, and there is a real danger of ( ) starvation.
It's incredible that when he ( ), he always won, whether he was playing a card game or betting on horse racing.
The council is trying to get more people to do ( ) work and render social services in the less developed regions.
Elephants are dying out because they are being ( ) for the tusks.
Wines can be ( ). as dry, medium or sweet according to their sugar content.
Slavery was ( ) in Canada in 1833, and the Canadian authorities then encouraged slaves from America to settle down on their land.
Some of the developing countries seem to be stuck with a tough situation---the ( ) between the rich and the poor has never been so clear and sharp.
The mass media commented that the young man's suicide was nothing but a ( ) waste of his life.
The younger generation should not just seek for the latest ( ) they should have long-term commitment and try to live a worthy life.
There's absolutely no ( ) between the different work teams---we don't know what others are doing.
As witnesses to the accident, we were asked to make written ( ) of what we had seen.
The police still don't know who ( ) the burglary,but it is reported one of the suspects is a loafer by the name of Bill Jones.
Now that my parents-in-law have decided to live with us, we are now faced with the ( ) to purchase a larger apartment close to the campus.
It seems as if every American boy between the ages of 8 and 15 likes to play video games, but such games are only ( ) popular among girls of the same age group.
He was a really considerate friend---always available to help at the ( ) hint of trouble.
A survey shows that a ( ) number of people object to the government's immigration policy.
This is a new pain-killing drug which came into use only six months ago, so it's too early to ( ) its effectiveness now.
She ( ) great satisfaction from playing the violin in her adulthood, even though she used to get bored with it when she was in her late teens.
