There are always people who dream of making a(n) (  ) from gambling, even though they know the chances are slim.
The inventor Thomas Edison was regarded as a(n) (  ) boy when he was young because he couldn't work out easy mathematical calculations.
The police had (  ) after the robbery suspect for about two days before they finally caught him in a deserted warehouse.
The local newspaper has (  ) a campaign to raise money for the girl who has caught a rare disease.
Rock climbing is attractive especially to young people because it is always (  ) with hardship and adventure.
The face value of the bill is one dollar, but its (  ) value is nothing but that of a piece of paper.
Having won several championships in international matches recently,he currently (  ) second among the world's professional tennis players.
There has been a great deal of (  ) in the media about the campaign against genetically modified food.
The coach was relieved that Michael had recovered (  ) his knee injury and he was able to play in the semi-finals next week.
He has dropped his old bad-boy (  ) and now portrays himself as something of an angel.
Due to its inefficiency, the cable TV company has become a frequent (  ) of criticism from the public these days.
A few mirrors can (  ) a dark room, making it look larger and lighter instantly.
Earthquakes had destroyed their houses, so they had no choice but to live (  ) in the tents put up overnight.
The argument never ceased as to whether it was fair to (  ) celebrities' private lives in the mass media.
Kelly got a new job as a secretary, but two weeks later she became (  ) with the endless office chores; so she quit.
These two TV programs are both about news or current affairs, but they have attracted very different (  ) in the United States.
Jane's parents held her in high (  ) and they supported her decision to be an actress.
When the results of the vote were announced, the Prime Minister (  ) defeat.
Scientists are unable to (  ) with accuracy when and where earthquakes will strike.
