The home addres was incoplete, so the letter could not be () .
His father was finally () after he was proven to be innocent,but he had already spent ten years in prison.
Did he give you () to use his computer?
All rooms in this building are () to students because it is close to their university.
When she recalled her () days during the war, my mother would cry bitterly.
When I told George that Maggie had refused to help, he () and walked out without saying anything.
She () her dress smooth using a hot iron.
With a(n) () of his hand, he urged us to follow him.
As soon as she accepted the job, Janet started working with great ().
Though she is over seventy, she is () with excellent health,
The old woman was hurt so deeply by what his son had said that she () with rage.
Just complete the () form and return it in the envelope provided.
The waiter () whether we would like to sit near the window.
You've been working all morning -- you now () a rest.
I got so mad with him that I () him hard across the face; still feeling sorry for what I did then.
On my birthday one of my friends gave me a beautiful doll as a(n) ().
She finally solved the problem! A smile () up her face.
The little donkey struggled under a heavy ().
He was so angry that he reached forward and gave her a(n) () on the cheek.
Janet () the director with an expensive painting as a partin gift from us all.
I () chicken and some beer and started eating and drinking by myself.
The lake was bathed in the soft () of the moon.
The government is spending millions of dollars in its attempt to () drug abuse.
She () me to come closer and slipped something into my hand.
The () on the cables  supporting the bridge is enormous.
You can place an online () and they will deliver the goods to the door.
They () the rope between the two posts.
I don't want to () you with my problems.
With a sweeping () of his hand, he said, "Follow me closely."
Helen () to have the New Year party at her house this year.
The troops were exhausted after months of fierce ().
She now helps in a local school as a(n) () three days a week.
